This will probably work on non AGA Amiga PiStorm machines if you don't try and run AGA games and don't try switching the AGS Launcher into a AGA screenmode. Because the screenshots are all in 128 colours and the themes are in 256 colours there is no easy way to make this work on non-RTG ECS/OCS PiStormed Amigas.

You must have the UAE version of AGS downloaded and extracted. If you have done so you should have a folder as follows at your path of extraction which contains the HDF files:

<Path of Extraction>\AGS_UAE_v30\WinUAE\AGS_UAE. This would be the <FolderpathtoAGSDrives> mentioned below. 

Download HST Imager (console version) from the Github and install:

https://github.com/henrikstengaard/hst-imager/releases

Use the latest released version for your hardware. At the time of writing Henrik has made some commits to speed up writing files to disk but this is not part of an actual release. If you want to take advantage of this you will need to compile your own version of HST Imager. If you don't know how to do that, you shouldn't try and just use a release version! However, for advanced users it both might be quicker and it might help Henrik track down any bugs. 

The following are instructions for Windows but this should work on Linux and Mac with the file paths corrected for Linux and Mac (and obviously run from a terminal window rather than a Windows Command Prompt) but this has not been tested

Open Windows Command Prompt in Administrator Mode. This must be done as this access is required for HST Imager to access the SD card directly
Run the command "HST.imager.exe list" in order to identify the SD card disk number. 

Open the HSTScript.txt file in the Scripts folder and make the following changes:

Do a search and replace and replace all instances of in the script of "\diskx" so that x is the number of your disk reported into the command you just ran.

Do a search and replace for <Folderpath> so that this string represents the root folder for where this text file you are reading resides
Do a search and replace for <FolderpathtoAGSDrives> so that this string represents the folder for where the .HDF files for the UAE version of AGS resides
Do a search and replace for <FilepathtoKickstartROM> so that this string represents the file for the A1200 3.1 Kickstart ROM to use for PiStorm

Run the command HST.imager.exe script <FilepathtoAGSHSTImagerScript.txt> where <FilepathtoAGSHSTImagerScript.txt> is the file path to the script file you have been editing
Wait a long time! This is because each .HDF file for AGS is set up as a separate Hard Drive Image. There are 11 of these but there can only be a maximum of 3 on Pistorm due to limitations in the MBR disk structure. There are also limitations with the Amiga RDB structure meaning you can not easily copy at a partition level. This means the data for each of the partitions needs to be copied at a file level.

Note, RTG is setup, the WHDLoadWrapper is installed, and both wifipi.device and genet.device are too. 

However, In order to get online you will need to install Roadshow or configure Miami.
